Update faq.mdx (#936)
graphprotocol/docs: website/src/pages/en/token-api/faq.mdx

### What blockchains does the Token API support?

Currently, the Token API supports Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain (BSC), Polygon, Optimism, Base, Unichain, and Arbitrum One.

> ### How do I authenticate requests to the Token API? Why isn't my API key from The Graph Market working?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How do I authenticate requests to the Token API, and why doesn't my API key from The Graph Market work?
```

> Authentication is managed via API tokens obtained through [The Graph Market](https://thegraph.market/). Be sure to use the API Token generated from the API key, not the API key itself. An API token can be found on The Graph Market dashboard next to each API key. JWT tokens issued by [Pinax](https://pinax.network/en), a core developer of The Graph, are also supported. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentication is managed via API tokens obtained through [The Graph Market](https://thegraph.market/). If you're experiencing issues, make sure you're using the API Token generated from the API key, not the API key itself. An API token can be found on The Graph Market dashboard next to each API key. JWT tokens issued by [Pinax](https://pinax.network/en), a core developer of The Graph, are also supported. 
```

### How current is the data provided by the API relative to the blockchain?

The API provides data up to the latest finalized block.

### How do I retrieve token prices?

By default, token prices are returned with token-related responses, including token balances, token transfers, token metadata, and token holders. Historical prices are available with the Open-High-Low-Close (OHLC) endpoints.  

### Does the Token API support historical token data?

> The Token API supports historical token balances with the `/historical/balances/evm/{address}` endpoint. Query historical price data by pool at `/ohlc/pools/evm/{pool}` and by contract at `/ohlc/prices/evm/{contract}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Token API supports historical token balances with the `/historical/balances/evm/{address}` endpoint. You can query historical price data by pool at `/ohlc/pools/evm/{pool}` and by contract at `/ohlc/prices/evm/{contract}`.
```

### Are there plans to support additional use cases such as NFTs?

> NFT endpoints are planned for the near future. The Graph ecosystem is actively determining the [roadmap](https://thegraph.com/blog/token-api-the-graph/) for additional use cases. Please provide feedback on specific features you would like prioritized on [Discord](https://discord.gg/graphprotocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for NFT endpoints is coming soon. The Graph ecosystem is actively determining the [roadmap](https://thegraph.com/blog/token-api-the-graph/) for additional use cases. Please provide feedback on specific features you would like prioritized on [Discord](https://discord.gg/graphprotocol).
```
